what's up you to capital G here gonna do
another episode of the return of now I
do understand that certain people don't
always agree with the cards that I
select for this segment but I can't
to turn me from doing a series that
other people flat-out love now you guys
should pretty much know by now if you've
been watching this channel for a decent
amount of time capital G is an extremist
I like things either extremely cold or
extremely hot and nowhere in between so
the card that I want to talk about today
is lonefire blossom and moving it from
limited status all the way back to
unlimited status capital June you're
crazy good y'all probably would agree
with you about two years ago you know I
look at a bunch of different factors you
know I'll give you this straight off the
top lonefire blossom is one of those
cards that will with it will restrict
future card design it's much like rescue
cat where you know when the card was
released if you kind of looked at it
enough you could pretty much realize it
was only a matter of time before Kaname
mistakenly released the card and then
it's like oh crap we forgot that rescue
cat was a card I mean you looked at like
just the most random things like test
tiger and then they ended up making
salmon and it was like oops we forgot
that rescue cat existed so you know just
give it long enough and the card was
going to be broken but when you look at
lonefire blossom there are some major
factors that make me think that the card
is not nearly as potent and dangerous
for the format and the health of the
game as it was before
number one the main application of
lonefire blossom synchro summoning or we
could just go ahead and say sink little
spam synchro shock in whatever you want
to say you know you look at that and you
think about you know the biggest and
best synchros that this car can commonly
make and you know Brio is bad trishula
is been formula synchron is limited so i
mean your synchro spam isn't gonna be
nearly as powerful as it was before you
know you even look at the fodder that
went along with the synchro spam cards
like reborn tin you which basically the
cards fallen off the ends of the earth I
mean if you got a blob or intending to
us a lone flower blossom I mean that was
better than Friday night sex I mean are
you kidding
you also look at the fact that you know
you look at just the targets that
lonefire blossom has in its arsenal
granted there are tons of them but how
many really good ones are there out
there with plant with glow-up bulb still
currently banned I mean you're pretty
much left
dandelion good sport and titania
a card that's amazing if you want to
summon it straight from the deck but if
you ever draw it oh my goodness things
are gonna get rough so you know I look
at look at the applications of what can
you summon and it's like I've got two
legitimate targets that's pretty much it
I mean are you gonna base a deck around
that are you gonna try and play
old-school plants synchro I mean I
understand you know that if you have a
long fire blossom plus a way of
resetting it during the same turn like a
call of the Haunted or a monster born it
ends up making you know a two card
shooting star dragon which is fine and
dandy I don't think you lose advantage
because of like making formula synchron
somewhere in there boy I mean if that's
the light at the end of the tunnel if
that's the absolute epitome of what you
can do I'm perfectly fine with that and
the reason I say that is because I've
never thought that shooting star dragon
is an unbalanced card I mean it's very
powerful but it's practice relatively
difficult to summon outside of you know
a double low fire blossom but I mean
does it still die to evac device and do
you prison yeah and do you get anything
out of it no when is it I guaranteed +1
on summon or you know a card that almost
always pays for itself no then I'm
pretty much fine with it
you know I look at lonefire blossom and
I just think you know I think that if
the card was at 3 it went nearly be as
potent because the plays that you guys
were accustomed to with 10news and stuff
they're either extremely limited now or
they're just not flat-out consistent
enough to keep up with everything in
this format and that's not to say you
know our broken play isn't broken just
because it's not broken in a certain
format again if the best you can do is
shooting star dragon and that takes you
chances are using limited cards then I'm
pretty much ok with that you know so let
me know what you guys think I think my
opinion would be different if you know
if you could take loan fire and you
could make like a quasar or something
then I'd be a little dinner I'd be you
know a little indifferent if you have
like lone fire plus monster born and
somehow you can make a quasar but you
know just having the shooting star
dragon I'm fine with that so let me know
what you guys think about this and I
thought
oh and because of measures out of my
control that require me to take trips to
an Atlanta Orlando Nashville and bolts
of war I'm bringing back the whole
clicking ad campaign
yeah those are not for leisure they're
strictly for business job interviews
guys so click an ad and thank you very
much